no way it's over there oh there it is a
[__] blockbuster but first a
word from our sponsor
you know what's BES having a wallet
packed to the brim like George Costanza
but like any other problem from the 90s
it was solved with sleek slabs of
futuristic alloys bound by synthetic
fibers its Ridge wallets Ridge wallets
pack up to 12 cards into a variety of
wallet styles and colors like this black
carbon fiber I really love it and
apparently so do 30,000 others it even
has a lifetime warranty and a 45 day
test drive they have other products too
like this waterproof backpack that looks
like it's from the set of the matrix
head on over to Ridge comm slash
cinemassacre and use code cinemassacre
for 10% off your order imagine the
perfect video stream they wouldn't have
a great solution
right over 10,000 videos three evening
rebels so no rush no massive advantage
any 24-hour quick drop return opened
late every night
well the perfect video store is popping
up all over the counter
there's one near you
[Music]
yes we're driving through mountains and
[__] to get to a blockbuster video we
just came from the Portland retro gaming
expo and going down the bend and going
to the last Blockbuster video store and
that crazy yes that there exists Cairns
in the back that there still exists a
blockbuster video one left one left yeah
I mean I don't know there's so many
different altitudes here in Oregon so
it's funny yeah we're on the Oregon
Trail basis oh this is our Oregon Trail
because usually you drive you know 15
minutes ago to a blockbuster back in the
day when you were like a kid or whatever
but he never drove this far back then
and now just to think that there still
exists a blockbuster somewhere yeah
and we're making a road trip for it
[Music]
Wow
[Applause]
[Music]
we are in blockbuster hit the last
blockbuster is the last one and
beautiful Bend Oregon yeah I mean it
really is cool to cool town cool little
place oh yeah it's not as cool as boring
Oregon there is it yes we passed a sign
that there's a place called boring
Oregon as well well then this is not
boring this is blockbusters no it is
definitely feels like we just stepped
into a time machine
yeah no yeah I mean this is exactly the
way it would go to I kind of I'm
starting to remember the pack so I used
to take to like you know walk around
make sure you cover everything now oh
yeah you know it feels exactly like I
remember yeah you know the new releases
it's like you see all the multiple
copies of the same movie
yeah like the wall of John wick three
exciting yeah got on all the aladdin's
the new Aladdin yeah and a wall and yeah
the drama section I remember was always
like really big like it's like a store I
remember as a kid I always be like why
there's so much a drama like it's not a
horror there's so much drama they have a
lot the whole Halloween section out
right now it says yeah this is October
we're filming yeah and you know say what
you will about a blockbuster like you
know people would say like you know it's
responsible for putting all the the
other video stores out of business and
everything and it made independent
movies harder to find and like but the
thing is I mean now it really is just an
awesome piece of history they're pretty
cool here souvenirs and things like that
yeah me too got a bunch of souvenirs
there's other some movie props from a
Cinderella man with rusty it's also
protons yeah Russell's great it's a
Russell Crowe Museum a little a little
Russell Crowe yeah Robin Hood yeah I
like how they the Russell Crowe Museum
mixed in the blockbuster like Museum
yeah
get Robin's foot it is the hood hood
yeah yeah I they had like the movies to
buy there's always like the bargain and
there's uh all the candy over the way
the aisles are laid out yeah it was
exactly the same yeah I think you're
animate sections a little lacking but
what are you gonna do okay and they
don't have Street Fighter
they don't have Street Fighter the movie
that's [__] yeah yeah so I think we
should I like caring care needs to work
at blockbuster and he has his card on
them so we're gonna try and use it and
you have a so that is your old block
this is my original one you have yeah
what I worked and you're gonna try to
use your old card yeah Wow
but uh Maya I figured we'd rent
something so we're gonna rent doom
annihilation which is awful and I guess
you have a laptop in your carcass we'll
watch them I have it the last laptop
that velasca MacBook that's a DVD player
in it at the last blockbuster yeah so I
let's go try to run it I guess yeah
[Music]
and my friends so how's it feel to be
renting a movie for the first time in a
long time I don't know it's like it's a
dream come true then let me tell you
[Music]
you know even back then this would have
been silly
yeah the outside the actual blockbuster
that's it that's the end yeah well all
right you know what
you remember that thing blockbuster used
to have where if the movie sucks you
could bring it back and get your money I
doubt it you know what I don't think
we're gonna have to pay a late fee at
least because we're right outside in the
blockbuster so now that we've run in the
movie let's return a movie yeah this is
[__] trash every other actually James
yeah would you like to do the honors I
would love to do the honors get rid of
that piece of [__]
[Music]
[Applause]